[Music]
hello everyone it is Travis Canford here
at the NA LCS studio with covers
presented by HTC eSports joined by a
player who's sponsored by HTC sports
himself sneaky how's it going
wait I think we've done it now we've
completely sold out no so it's currently
a crazy offseason what team did you end
up on God night I think sick yeah I was
like you think about it but it was
actually such a weird like meta with
social media and like announcing that
you're a free agent or you're still a
team because like I'm still under
contract to like 2018 yeah but like I
think like B recent tweet it out cuz
he's still in a contract with 2018 he's
like yeah I'm still playing for TSM I'm
like zero point between that so I got it
got a reddit thread yeah I mean actually
like every free agency got like on the
front page of Reddit which was I guess
cool to see I mean a lot of like
publicity for them you should have been
like I am happy to announce I will be
paying playing for cloud nine next year
I kind of did that i retweeted they like
cloud nine roster thing and I put some
like cowboy hats with it I was like aha
that was my announcement is cloud I go
for a western-themed are you what's the
deal
I was you know just showing excitement
on my cowboy Ram ranch kind of thing you
know all right what have you been what
have you thought of all the offseason
drama drama is in like the switches yeah
I mean drama like it's hype there's a
lot of action it's like a soap opera
yeah I mean just after what happened in
world so I would have expected TSM to
change something I didn't know what but
I expected something because you know
they just kept failing the same roster
so it made sense same thing is still G
like they'd had messed up and they
didn't do so well with him or God and it
made sense a lot there and then
obviously there was four new teams
coming in which there's gonna be a bunch
of stuff like I don't think they would
have just picked up the remaining four
rosters that didn't have a team anymore
so it
since for the most part I think the
weirdest one was definitely savanah
methi going to TSM and like kicking SS
and fire frost cuz I don't really think
it's that much of an upgrade honestly I
think they were going for the sake of
change but I I guess let's to see it
works out by the way you had like an
army of women over here and then Emma
like she walks down and they just like I
think it's yeah oh no it's not my almost
E and they just yeah yeah 95 7 and they
just like charged over there and leave
you how do you feel now there's one
person here now who's still supporting
you what is that what do you think of
that it was actually pretty interesting
because the first game he played there
wasn't that many people in the crowd and
then when China started playing like the
fan clubs came out or something I don't
know what happened there is so many
people you think we're still stuck in
China actually it's that episode the
toilets that we'd never made it back
from China it's all illusion actually
like I do think there are more fancier
like LPL fans that have flown here
obviously to support that there are
actually like people that have just come
front like North Americans or westerners
or whatever
yeah I agree they're all over the place
it's weird to see yeah
well it's really cool that they support
their their audience so much all right
so we're sorry they're fans so much
getting back so you said you don't think
it's been Amethi are that much of an
upgrade over and doublelift in the bio
for us yeah I don't think so I mean if
he was actually helping us a bit at
Worlds after they got my thumb yeah
sorry I mean he was really smart about
the game oh yeah like it's very mad they
actually the same problem as TSM go on
they couldn't get out of cubes okay like
specifically them but like it wasn't as
if they're just like the best spot Lane
ever like I think they're both really
good for sure and it's more of like a
personality change up I think that would
be the best like maybe they are just
infinitely better in personality and
maybe that's maybe why they pushed for
it I don't really know what goes on
behind the scenes because that's
something that's really weird because
like I may be bio and
then lifts like I think they talked
about a little bit someone on TSM wasn't
talking when they were losing maybe it
was both of them maybe they didn't
really say anything and that is pretty
bad cuz you need to go to play defensive
and like call out rooms like he died
once and you just go full tilt like
that's really bad so maybe it could have
been happening like that and if that's
the case for sure then I think surrender
you're definitely they're really big
upgrade but yeah I don't know this is
just my thoughts on it I mean I'm a new
name so I like in a place do how dare
you you're a regional list yeah so is
that I mean do not get hype when every
you players come over I mean it
definitely helps the scene cuz there's
always been a bunch of like random teams
that'll come up to like push the Xin
forwards you know like we came in season
three lmq came in like season four I
don't know if there's been any like big
breakout since then but maybe this will
be another one where like they push
everyone and become really strong so
yeah I mean I think these kinds of
things are good for sure so are you
switching back to this event are you
really happy that you made it to
all-stars are you planning on sweeping
the floor with your opponent's maybe
cleaning up the NA LCS studio you know
any of that type of stuff yeah I hope so
I wanna you know get a groups here
I hope TSM proved that maybe they can
because you know they're four of six
here it all stars so we gotta beat uh
what is the Southeast Asia do you expect
that match to be quite the dust-up
I hope so I don't know what's with the
cleaning references oh oh as are those
cleaning references I didn't I didn't
think about about that you've been
streaming a little bit in the offseason
anything interesting going on your
streams oh okay I think I get where
you're going I understand no I didn't
understand her first yeah I mean I I
like streaming it's great are you
planning on doing could you become the
first pro that just sort of cause plays
it does different costumes frequently
currently that I think I am yeah yes
currently you have done this a couple
times I'm just saying it could how okay
how many because you got those costume
you got the a ho ho
you got those costumes as a fan or from
a fan if fans continue to give you
costumes will you continue to wear them
while you stream yeah why not I mean
it's pretty funny that's fine yeah very
good
I'm excited to see what 2018 brings
after this interview other than that any
other thoughts on a cloud 9 going
forward I mean I there was a little bit
of people like dogging on the spin pick
up Spence Karen spend not Sven any
thoughts on that or need you need just
general statement stay in the cloud nine
fans out there about next year yeah well
I think we'll have to get into practice
really for me to understand like how
well we could prove ourselves but I
think we can do it I've done a lot with
all the rosters of my team where we make
it a really strong roster build synergy
understand each other play ball together
you know sometimes it doesn't work out
but yeah I think we can do this year
round very good well thank you so much
for the interview sneaky I will let you
get back to your people for everyone so
you can check out the rest of coverage
of all things eSports right here on my
youtube channel